Improve docs for blocked requests, blocked queries and limited queries config options (#12053)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

#   Setting the pattern to ".*" and regex to true blocks all queries.
#   blocked_queries:
#       - pattern: rate(metric_counter[5m])
#         regex: false
#         reason: because the query is misconfigured
blocked_queries:
  -
    [pattern: <string> | default = ""]

    [regex: <boolean> | default = ]

    [reason: <string> | default = ""]

# (experimental) List of queries to limit and duration to limit them for.
# Example:
#   The following configuration limits the query "rate(metric_counter[5m])" to
#   running, at most, every minute.
#   limited_queries:
#       - query: rate(metric_counter[5m])
#         allowed_frequency: 1m0s
limited_queries:
  -
    [query: <string> | default = ""]

    [allowed_frequency: <duration> | default = ]

# (experimental) List of http requests to block.
# Example:
#   The following configuration blocks all GET requests to /foo when the "limit"
#   parameter is set to 100.
#   blocked_requests:
#       - path: /foo
#         method: GET
#         query_params:
#           limit:
#               value: "100"
blocked_requests:
  -

>     [path: <string> | default = ""]

Reviewer: can we remove the first new line? it looks a bit crooked like this. I wouldn't mind removing all extra new lines either

Author: How does it look after 8894aba and 6c1cd74? I've added descriptions to everything and changed it to start immediately after the `-` bullet.

#   Setting the pattern to ".*" and regex to true blocks all queries.
#   blocked_queries:
#       - pattern: rate(metric_counter[5m])
#         regex: false
#         reason: because the query is misconfigured
blocked_queries:
  - # PromQL expression pattern to match.
    [pattern: <string> | default = ""]

>     # If true, pattern is treated as a regular expression. If false, pattern is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # If true, the pattern is treated as a regular expression. If false, the pattern is
```

#   running, at most, every minute.
#   limited_queries:
#       - query: rate(metric_counter[5m])
#         allowed_frequency: 1m0s
limited_queries:
  - # Literal PromQL expression to match.
    [query: <string> | default = ""]

    # Minimum duration between matching queries. If a matching query arrives
    # more often than this, it is rejected.
    [allowed_frequency: <duration> | default = ]

# (experimental) List of HTTP requests to block.
# Example:
#   The following configuration blocks all GET requests to /foo when the "limit"
#   parameter is set to 100.
#   blocked_requests:
#       - path: /foo
#         method: GET
#         query_params:
#           limit:
#               value: "100"
blocked_requests:
  - # Path to match, including leading slash (/). Leave blank to match all paths.
    [path: <string> | default = ""]

    # HTTP method to match. Leave blank to match all methods.
    [method: <string> | default = ""]

    # Query parameters to match. Requests must have all of the provided query
    # parameters to be considered a match.
    [query_params:]
      <string>:
        # Value to match.
        [value: <string> | default = ""]

>         # If true, value is treated as a regexp pattern. If false, value is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # If true,the  value is treated as a regular expression pattern. If false, the value is
```
